Routine Management System
Our Routine Management System will help you create healthy habits, and help you remember certain tasks threw out your day! 

If you would like to check it out click the link bellow.

Wiki 
We wanted to do a long form text documentation as somethings require a alot of explanation especially if you never done these things before...  
If text hurts your eyes mabe our visual bookstack platform be more benifical to you. 
https://dokuwiki.norccs.com/

Book Stack	
This is our visual guide book. If you want pichures this is going to be your best friend. 
Please let us know if there's is any suggestions in tutorials that you would like to make.
https://bookstack.norccs.com/

We also are working on making social storys avaliable here as well . 

Store
This is our front end site for streamlined orders  for products and services and hopefully reward systems as well one day.
https://spectrumbreakthrustore.norccs.com

Time Cards / Time Trex
If you need time card management for your business or if your an employee and need to clock in . The link below will get you to where you need to be . 
Ultimately documentation is key to keeping uncle Sam happy.
https://timetrex.norccs.com/

Invoice Ninja
Invoice ninja is great for as it says invoices, Time Trex can do alot of the same things but is over kill in some situations. 
https://invoiceninja.norccs.com/

Cloud Storage/ NextCloud
Keeping data safe is a pain,  especially if your going to leave it there for a while.
A thing called bit rot can occur among other things and having a backup is important.
https://nextcloud.norccs.com/

That said 5GB of your files is really 10GB and so on. On top of that we make backups of the systems ... 
At the moment we don't have very much storage but have plenty of room for expansion. 

Open Source Software
A lot of these sites are run off of open source software, and they are free for anyone of you to install on your own machines... 
I'll be honest it's a lot of work, on top of that getting the front end of the site going can be a process too.. And this is where we want to step in and help out , 
and work as a team. 

That said, there is so much free software out there that depending on what you need, it can be found.. 
Point is, you can go down a rabbit hole trying to install every service out there... And theses are the main general ones i found. 
If you need help with something, please let me know . 
