If your interested in starting your own basic website for free check out googles sites.google.com builder.

Here is a guide to how to get started
https://support.google.com/a/users/answer/9310491?hl=en

If you need any help feel free to reach out
support@norccs.com

Create a site
""

When you create a new site, it's added to Drive, just like other Drive files. Sites automatically saves every change you make, but your site isn’t public until you publish it.

Create and name your site
The name you create here is the document name that appears in Google Drive. The document name is only visible to you.

Choose an option:

From the Sites homepage, at the top, click Blank, or to choose a template, click Template gallery and select a template.
From Google Drive, click New and thenMoreand thenGoogle Sites.
At the top left, enter a document name for your site and press Enter.

Add a site title
The site title appears in the header and in the web or mobile window title bar after you publish the site. You need to have 2 or more pages in your website for your site title to appear.

On a computer, open a site in new Google Sites.
In the top left, click Enter site name.
Enter the name of your site.
Press Enter or Return.

Add and organize pages in your site
""

Add a page
On a computer, open a site in new Google Sites.
At the right, click Pages.
At the bottom right, hover over Add New page.
Click New page Add.
Enter the page name.
Click Done.
To publish your changes, at the top right, click Publish.
Move a page
You can move a page under another page to create a subpage.

On a computer, open a site in new Google Sites.
At the right, click Pages.
Drag the page where you want to move it.
To publish your changes, at the top right, click Publish.
Create a new subpage
To create a new subpage, click Pages.Then, choose a page and click More More and then Add subpage.

Tip: You can create up to 5 levels of sub pages.

Copy or delete a page
On a computer, open a site in new Google Sites.
At the right, click Pages.
On the page you want to duplicate or delete, click More More.
To copy a page, choose Duplicate page.
To delete a page, choose Delete.
Tip: You can recover deleted pages by restoring to a previous version.
To publish your changes, at the top right, click Publish.
Learn more at the Google Sites Help Center
Add text and images to pages
""

Add text or headings
On a computer, open a site in new Google Sites.
On the right, click Insert and then Text box.
In the menu, click the Down arrow Down arrow and then choose the text, heading, or title style you want.
Add your text to the box.
To publish your changes, at the top right, click Publish.
You can also add a banner to your site. Learn how at the Google Sites Help Center.

Add an image
You can add images in .png, .jpg, or .gif format. Follow the image usage guidelines.

On a computer, open a site in new Google Sites.
On the right, click Insert and then Images.
Choose where to get your image.
Choose an image and click Open or Select.
To publish your changes, at the top right, click Publish.
Add a section layout 
On your computer, go to a site in new Google Sites. 
On the right, click Insert. 
Under "Content Blocks," drag the layout you want to your page. 
Add text, images, docs, or videos. 
At the top right, click Publish. 
Continue designing your page
You can add many more elements to a page In Google Sites, such as:

Collapsible text
Buttons
Search bar
Image carousel
Social media links
And much more!
Learn how at the Google Sites Help Center

Change how your site looks
""

Add a pre-made theme
On a computer, open a site in new Google Sites.
At the right, click Themes.
Under "Created by Google," select a pre-made theme.
Add a custom theme
On a computer, open a site in Google Sites .
On the right panel, click Themes.
Under "Custom," select Create theme Plus.
Enter a name for your theme.
Select Next.
You can also add a logo and banner image.
Select a color palette and then Next.
To choose specific colors for different parts of your site, select Customize colors.
Choose your fonts.
Select Create theme.
In the right panel, you can continue to customize your theme.
Import a theme from another site
On a computer, open a site in new Google Sites.
At the right, click Themes.
Under "Custom," select Import theme .
Select any site and then Select a theme.
Click Import theme.
Learn more at the Google Sites Help Center

Preview your site
""

On a computer, open a site in new Google Sites.
At the top, click Preview .
At the bottom right, choose a layout option.
To exit, at the bottom right, click Exit Exit Preview.
Let people review your site
""

Before publishing your site, you can let people review and edit your site. 

Important: If you use a Google Account through work or school, your admin may limit your ability to add an editor.

On a computer, open a site in new Google Sites.
At the top, click Share Share with others.
Under Share with people and groups, enter an email address. 
Click Editor.
Editors with a non-Google account can view a draft of your site, but cannot edit it.
To view a draft, an Editor with a non-Google account must enter a verification code. You receive an email with this code when you’re invited to be an editor.
Editors with a Google account can view and edit your site without a verification code.
Click Done.
